"The Capsule" by neta

The Capsule is a room. 
The description of the Capsule is "The capsule is a dimly lit orb which emerges from a void, but is spacious enough to do necessary work. There are others like it, but the comforting familiarity of this one implies it is 'yours.'"

The player is carrying a key. 
The description of the key is "It is in your possesion, but only in your mind."
The player is wearing compression thermals.

An object is a kind of thing.

A window is an object in the capsule. The window is fixed in place. The description of the window is "The window is circular in shape and often radiates a faint amount of warmth in contrast to the cold capsule. Every time sequence a dim, pulsalting periwinkle light illuminates off in the voided distance. The light is at once comforting and as intrustive as a thought you frequently have, 'I'm a locked window, but the window's got the light that I know.'"

A desk is an object in the capsule. The desk is fixed in place. The desk is a supporter.
	A printout is on the desk. The description of the printout is "A printout of an esssay with an unidentified stain on it. It came through the slot 15 time sequences ago. On the printout, there is a passage highlighted by another entity which reads, 'A story we are told: You are on the brink of sexual freedom; it is here and at your disposal. It is asked only that you find it or make it. If before we were ugly, we may be beautiful now — still, you must make yourself natural, whole, and good. You were traumatized but you may recover, simply possess yourself. This is work to be done but it is a good work. Work on your shame, perhaps even fight those who shame you, and it follows that you will be free. At the end of it you will be whole and you will have reclaimed your natural pleasure. The right of man is to fuck and to orgasm. Feel free with your body to do these things because they are good. The feminists and the sexual liberationists knew this and this is why their movement is over. Cosmo and Oprah know this now and therefore everyone knows it. Sex is good and pleasure is powerful, and it is this proposition that will save us from our pain.' You left underlines, question marks and comments all over this passage."
		Underlines are on the printout. The description of the underlines is "You underlined: 'sexual freedom,' 'possess yourself,' 'good work,' and 'shame.'"
		Question marks are on the printout. The description of the question marks is "You left question marks next to 'Cosmo' and 'Oprah.'"
		
		Comments are on the printout. The description of the comments is "There are two comments on the printout. The one next to 'Oprah' reads, 'The command line said Oprah was a deity followed by Earth bound entities in the duration of the -2100th time sequence. Oprah's teachings drew a following as a result of her philosophy of patriarchal feminism including, but not limited to, 'healthy narcissim' and 'progressive' acts of pretense and dissimulation among a group of entities previously gendered as 'women.' The one next to 'Cosmo' reads, 'Cosmo was a print magazine for 'women' in the Earth bound nation formerly known as 'America.' It featured articles on relationships, sex, health, careers, self-improvement, celebrities, fashion, horoscopes and beauty.'' "
	
		Reading is an action applying to one touchable thing. Understand "read [something]"  as reading.
		
	A vessel is on the desk. The vessel is a container. There is a highlighter in the vessel. There is a pen in the vessel.

A slot is an object in the capsule. The slot is a container. The slot is fixed in place.  The description of the slot is "The slot is your only contact to the void. Sometimes things pass through here. Other times you send things to pass."

A lamp is an object in the capsule. The lamp is fixed in place.

A command line is an object in the capsule. 
The description of the command line is "The command line is a spoken surface to which you share words with. Everything else stays in your mind, except when you are compelled to speak to them, most likely when you desire a lozenge to ease the mutability of your solitary existence."

Release along with an interpreter and the source text.





